This is too limitless
The prince is so courteous, corporal
Aren't you ready to say yes?
I was born a princess
Death is the ghost of the princess
And I will only serve the princess alone
This sentence
Please have the opportunity to help me communicate with Chuan Dali.
Thanks.
Wang Xun
Don't tear you to pieces
This king swears not to be human
The prince heard that Wang Xun was in the duke's mansion
Invented many new things
Especially the method of refining coarse salt from fine salt
This is the real value.
Attack the Duke's Mansion tonight
Make sure to get everything he invented
Wang Xin, have you taken the medicine I gave you?
How did you eat it?
I don't feel anything.
This disease is worse than I thought
It seems to increase the amount
Let's just double it. No